Pownce: Beta Impressions
Published on July 18, 2007.
I got a Pownce invite today ( Thanks Jessica !) and finally got a chance to try out the hot beta.
Unfortunately I couldn’t actually get any of my uploads to work…
While the site is pretty nice looking and slick, if the functionality doesn’t work, it’s useless.
I think it could actually be somewhat useful for sharing files with a select group of friends.
Like “hey, I like this song, check it out” and bam!
Then again, you could do that by email, but email is SOOOOO 1999!
Actually, email’s more like 1979, but you get the idea.
If only Pownce worked… The worst part is that it’s a beta product, but there’s no way to report a bug besides using (wait for it…) email.
How ironic, indeed.